---
title: 'Things I Think - June 1st, 2024'
tags: [ 'Things I Think' ]
draft: true
date: '2024-06-01'
---

_Things I Think_ is a series of posts where I simply record random thoughts as they occur to me. It's inspired by my friend [Nick Hodges' series of a similar name](https://thingsthatoccurtome.com/).

* I'm a giant introvert who loves solitude. At the same time, I've realized that cultivating deep connections with fellow humans is fundamental to my happiness. Both of these things co-existing confused me for a long time, but now I think I've accepted that they aren't contradictory.
* As a friend pointed out recently, as an introvert, I still require human connection, but my capacity for the actions required to cultivate that are more limited than an extrovert. I think this is why I tend to find things like Facebook and other forms of online communication so draining; it requires the same amount of that limited energy, but the rewards are much blander and less fulfilling, because it's mostly impossible to cultivate a true deep connection with other humans in such spaces.
* Outside of finding a wonderful therapist who really fits my needs, I think the single best thing that I've done for my mental health in recent memory is Phantom (my black 2007 Mustang GT). It's reminded me of how enjoyable driving can be when you have the rich, engaging experience provided by a car that gives you real, tactile feedback (i.e., you can feel the road when steering, or hear the deep resonanting sound of the exhaust burbling when you push the throttle). But equally importantly, it's prompted me to engage with people who share my interests in face to face conversation and participate in communal activities, like car shows or charity events. Cultivating connection with fellow humans and getting out of my comfort zone has been beneficial in ways I wouldn't have imagined.
* _Logan_ is far and away my favorite Marvel movie of all time. It's not even close. It's the movie the character of Wolverine always deserved, but never got until now. I think there's an argument to made that it is the greatest super hero movie of all time.
* Know what worries me these days? (Well, maybe one of the many things that worry me. I'm a worrier.) People seem to have lost their ability to appreciate the nuance in their fellow humans. You're either on Team Us or Team Them, and the assignment can switch at the drop of a hat if you say the wrong thing. You can see this in issues ranging from the pandemic (Team Over or Team Not Over?) to the upcoming election (Team Biden or Team Trump? Either way, you're evil and trying to destroy our country.). When people cease to be interested in finding common ground with others, things get ugly.
* The more I drive my stick-shift, mechanically steered (but power assisted; this isn't the dark ages folks!), technologically lacking (by today's standards anyway) car, the more strongly I see how I've missed the experience of navigating windy back-country roads and enjoying the scenery, without any distraction of music, podcasts, or nagging alerts or reminders. Just me, the car, and the road. (And perhaps some birds or deer. Please stay away from my car, the both of you.) It's a blissful experience of the present moment that is just lovely.